content/about/_index.md, before:

---
title: "About"
date: 2019-05-14T14:46:10+06:00
description: "This is meta description"
image: "images/author.jpg"
---
Creative UI/UX desingerr how loves to craft beautiful that satisfy users needs the product. A best idea
generate for the agency complay smart and elegant design When, while the lovely valley teems with vapour
around me, and the meridian sun strikes the upper surface of the impenetrable foliage of my trees, and but a
few stray gleams steal into the inner sanctuary, I throw myself down among the tall grass by the trickling
stream; and, as I lie close to the earth, a thousand unknown plants are noticed by me.

I hear the buzz
of the little world among the stalks, and grow familiar with the countless indescribable forms of the insects
and flies, then I feel the presence of the Almighty, who formed us in his own image, and the breath of that
universal love which bears and sustains.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Dolorem deserunt tempora doloribus non, voluptas
dolor? Consequuntur et ad officiis iste, vero natus possimus labore veritatis a eius doloremque. Optio amet
quis harum nulla vitae repellat officiis veniam accusamus error hic deleniti in, quas est illum cum natus
neque possimus delectus dolore ipsam. Pariatur, ad molestias alias voluptas iusto quam debitis beatae sint
similique velit, dicta eos dolorum cumque mollitia officia iure labore voluptatibus. Non at sequi, natus
dolores, cum accusamus repudiandae hic blanditiis ipsum possimus qui assumenda quaerat optio ab molestias ipsa
iste molestiae dignissimos. Reprehenderit quod totam nostrum nihil.


Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet consectetur adipisicing elit. Dolorem deserunt tempora doloribus non, voluptas
dolor? Consequuntur et ad officiis iste, vero natus possimus labore veritatis a eius doloremque. Optio amet
quis harum nulla vitae repellat officiis veniam accusamus error hic deleniti in, quas est illum cum natus
neque possimus delectus dolore ipsam. Pariatur, ad molestias alias voluptas iusto quam debitis beatae sint
similique velit, dicta eos dolorum cumque mollitia officia iure labore voluptatibus. Non at sequi, natus
dolores, cum accusamus repudiandae hic blanditiis ipsum possimus qui assumenda quaerat optio ab molestias ipsa
iste molestiae dignissimos. Reprehenderit quod totam nostrum nihil.

Commit message:

Added About section and adjusted contact section

content/about/_index.md, after:

---
title: "About"
date: 2020-01-10T14:46:10+06:00
description: "About Hannes Dorfmann. Short Bio of Hannes Dorfmann."
image: "images/about/lake.jpg"
---

I was born and raised in the middle of the Alps in the north of Italy ([Dolomites](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolomites)). My name sounds German but I'm actually Italian (I know it's confusion... we can talk about that while grabbing a beer). That is the reason why the mountains and hiking are just in my DNA (as you probably have already guessed by the pictures used here in this blog). I'm really into sports. Any kind of sports. I love playing (and chatting) about football. Of course I also like software engineering. 

I'm part of a cross-functional team (iOS, android, web and backend engineers) team at [Freeletics](https://www.freeletics.com) working in the growth and monetization area. I'm supporting our team as an Engineering Manager by helping others with their personal and professional growth. Although, I have multiple years of experience in leadership roles and in leading different kind of teams, still I consider myself as a lifelong student of leadership and software engineering. That is the reason why I run this blog: I would like to connect and learn from others and share my experience.

Although I consider myself T-shaped and enjoy working on multiple platforms a I keep the green little robot very close to my heart. You will find a lot of technical articles related to android development.

If I'm not on a hike or I'm not on the football field then I'm probably recording a new episode of [TheContext Podcast](https://thecontext.github.io/).

I live in the beatiful city of Munich, Germany.

_All of the content on this site is made available at no charge, for the benefit of the community. Please don’t reproduce the entire content (or very substantial portions) of any article without asking first._
